ToDo.md, before:

# To Do

- ~Command structures~
- ~Remodel definitions~
- ~Make a functional Eval~
- ~Decide the return value of eval Command~
- ~Add a monad that keeps the state of variables~
- ~Extend Eval~
- ~Add basic math operators, along with sign and mod (with corresponding errors control)~
- ~Add some command evaluator and test if the return system works.~ (Works)
- ~Try with GADT~ (Done, works, now in master branch)
- ~Try TypeSystem~
- ~Add a 'Pretty Print' system~
- ~Modify ACCUM and REPUNT for better uses~
- ~Test Eval with complicated cases~
- ~Cry because i have to make a Lexer~
- ~Lexer~
- ~Test Lexer and Eval~ (Fixed many many many bugs)
- ~Cry again, because i have to make a Parser~
- ~Parser~ 
- ~Add the file mode~
- ~Change the Expression system~
- ~Test possible bugs~ (Seems to work?)
- ~Improve the file reading mode~ (Now can take program name as argument)
- Make more Programs
- Add the interactive mode
- Add cabal package and command system
- Change the language of AST.hs comments to english


## GADT idea (GADT branch) (Done, added to master branch. Then destroyed in Parsec branch)
- ~Change AST to emulate a Generalized algebraic datatype (GADT)~ (GADT branch)
- ~Change Eval to emulate the GADT AST~
- ~Add BoolExp and EvalBoolExp~
- ~Set the monad aside in RandomState.hs~
- ~Define a "IsEmpty" format for all variables~ (Done!) 
- ~Add Let and Expr commands~
- ~Add Repeat and Accumulate commands~

It works! :D


## TypeSystem idea (typetest branch ) (Done, added to master branch)

- ~Add typing System~
- ~Add typing Checks~ 
- ~Improve typingValue. Add typingVar and typingCommand.~
- ~Add a Enviroment of Type Variables. Maybe i need to change the monad for typing system.~ (New monad indeed)
- ~Add a show instance for Expressions and Commands~
- ~Add a show instance for Error~
- ~Add a show instance for Result~
- ~Change the Error system, adding different types of errors (Changing the monad from Maybe to a new Error type)~
- ~Update eval~

It works! :D


## Parser with Parsec (Parsec branch)

- ~Maybe i need to change all the AST?~ (Yup)
- ~Parsing Collections (in a list way)~ 
- ~Parsing Int Expressions~
- ~Parsing Bool Expressions~
- ~Parsing Commands~
- ~Parsing CollExpresion~ (Parser works! :D)
- ~Test more~ (Seems to work?)
- ~Change the Expressions class and change all the repercutions~

It works :D

## Known errors

- ~I need to make a type system to the Filter Operations~ (Done)
- ~The Parser is getting bugs from AlexPosn~ (Changed to Parsec library)
- ~What happens if the numerical argument of least/largest exceeds the size?~ (Add to the inform, takes all the list)

### Questions and Researchs
- ~Lists vs Multisets~ (Lists wins!)
- ~Should i have a Boolean typed variable system?~ (Nope)
- ~Does commands return something?~ (Yep)
- ~1 dice roll, is a Collection or a Number?~ (Collection)
- ~Should i have a Value variable type, or just Collections?~ (I should)
- ~Should i have boolean variables?~ (Yeap)
- ~Should i use a "Skip" command?~ (Nope)
- ~How does "Print" command works?~ (Destroyed print)
- ~Make a double-typed variable system (Either?). Add error (type-error variable).~ (Added)
- ~Check if update should have returns~ (Can, but not should)
- ~Check if assign is needed (as a eval issue, not only as a command. Probably, yes).~ (Seems not)
- ~I may have to add the True/False tokens~ (I did)
- ~Research if double-typed variable is a issue in parser.~ (Fixed)

### To add, maybe.

- Should i have a possible If Then (without else)
- Change the IfThenElse and Filter to use Booleans
- Should i add function declaration?
-

Commit message:

Add 4 new programs, update ToDo and starting working in interactive mode in the Main

ToDo.md, after:

# To Do

- ~Command structures~
- ~Remodel definitions~
- ~Make a functional Eval~
- ~Decide the return value of eval Command~
- ~Add a monad that keeps the state of variables~
- ~Extend Eval~
- ~Add basic math operators, along with sign and mod (with corresponding errors control)~
- ~Add some command evaluator and test if the return system works.~ (Works)
- ~Try with GADT~ (Done, works, now in master branch)
- ~Try TypeSystem~
- ~Add a 'Pretty Print' system~
- ~Modify ACCUM and REPUNT for better uses~
- ~Test Eval with complicated cases~
- ~Cry because i have to make a Lexer~
- ~Lexer~
- ~Test Lexer and Eval~ (Fixed many many many bugs)
- ~Cry again, because i have to make a Parser~
- ~Parser~ 
- ~Add the file mode~
- ~Change the Expression system~
- ~Test possible bugs~ (Seems to work?)
- ~Improve the file reading mode~ (Now can take program name as argument)
- ~Change the eval so i can use it in a interactive way~
- I need to add the variables that already exists to the variable state
- Change the print of eval, now it prints the random number generator, let's try so that it doesn't. I can do it with declaring a type and a show instance.
- Make more Programs (Working on it)
- Add the interactive mode (Working on it - almost theeeere)
- Add cabal package and command system
- Change the language of AST.hs comments to english


## GADT idea (GADT branch) (Done, added to master branch. Then destroyed in Parsec branch)
- ~Change AST to emulate a Generalized algebraic datatype (GADT)~ (GADT branch)
- ~Change Eval to emulate the GADT AST~
- ~Add BoolExp and EvalBoolExp~
- ~Set the monad aside in RandomState.hs~
- ~Define a "IsEmpty" format for all variables~ (Done!) 
- ~Add Let and Expr commands~
- ~Add Repeat and Accumulate commands~

It works! :D


## TypeSystem idea (typetest branch ) (Done, added to master branch)

- ~Add typing System~
- ~Add typing Checks~ 
- ~Improve typingValue. Add typingVar and typingCommand.~
- ~Add a Enviroment of Type Variables. Maybe i need to change the monad for typing system.~ (New monad indeed)
- ~Add a show instance for Expressions and Commands~
- ~Add a show instance for Error~
- ~Add a show instance for Result~
- ~Change the Error system, adding different types of errors (Changing the monad from Maybe to a new Error type)~
- ~Update eval~

It works! :D


## Parser with Parsec (Parsec branch)

- ~Maybe i need to change all the AST?~ (Yup)
- ~Parsing Collections (in a list way)~ 
- ~Parsing Int Expressions~
- ~Parsing Bool Expressions~
- ~Parsing Commands~
- ~Parsing CollExpresion~ (Parser works! :D)
- ~Test more~ (Seems to work?)
- ~Change the Expressions class and change all the repercutions~

It works :D

## Known errors

- ~I need to make a type system to the Filter Operations~ (Done)
- ~The Parser is getting bugs from AlexPosn~ (Changed to Parsec library)
- ~What happens if the numerical argument of least/largest exceeds the size?~ (Add to the inform, takes all the list)

### Questions and Researchs
- ~Lists vs Multisets~ (Lists wins!)
- ~Should i have a Boolean typed variable system?~ (Nope)
- ~Does commands return something?~ (Yep)
- ~1 dice roll, is a Collection or a Number?~ (Collection)
- ~Should i have a Value variable type, or just Collections?~ (I should)
- ~Should i have boolean variables?~ (Yeap)
- ~Should i use a "Skip" command?~ (Nope)
- ~How does "Print" command works?~ (Destroyed print)
- ~Make a double-typed variable system (Either?). Add error (type-error variable).~ (Added)
- ~Check if update should have returns~ (Can, but not should)
- ~Check if assign is needed (as a eval issue, not only as a command. Probably, yes).~ (Seems not)
- ~I may have to add the True/False tokens~ (I did)
- ~Research if double-typed variable is a issue in parser.~ (Fixed)

### To add, maybe.

- Should i have a possible If Then (without else)
- Change the IfThenElse and Filter to use Booleans
- Better parse errors
- Should i add function declaration?
- Add Sort function (of collections)
- Add Sort function (of variables)
- Add Index function
- 1 dice as a number
- ¿Add Print function (string)?
- Add Skip command (no print) (allowing if then)
- Add input choice
- Change the State to only one state with variable and type
